docs: small wording adjustments (#192)
apollo-server-integrations/apollo-server-integration-cloudflare-workers: README.md

};
```

## Additional Bonus

### Cloudflare Boilerplate

> If you are seeking an alternative boilerplate, Cloudflare offers an official implementation. Refer to [workers-graphql-server](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-graphql).

Author: ```suggestion
If you’re looking for an alternative boilerplate, Cloudflare offers an official implementation built with [Hono](https://github.com/honojs/hono). You can explore it at [workers-graphql-server](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-graphql-server).
```

> If you’re looking for an alternative boilerplate, Cloudflare offers an official implementation built with [Hono](https://github.com/honojs/hono). You can explore it at [workers-graphql-server](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-graphql-server).

Author: ```suggestion
If you’re looking for an alternative boilerplate, Cloudflare offers an official implementation built with [Hono](https://github.com/honojs/hono). You can explore it at [cloudflare/workers-graphql-server](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-graphql-server).
```
